Michelle I don't understand what don't
you understand mitosis Oh actually have
something that might help you listen p
math and the division interphase
prophase metaphase anaphase telophase
microphase kalafina she'll faint hold up
I lied about the last three looking
prepare for an interesting story for
cancer biology places history buckle up
buttercup this is for flexing in the
face consists of three phases g1 s and
g2 a sister you do karate here cuz your
body's kicking no that's mitosis cuz my
soul's be splitting forget the Mac cook
1 equals to 1 D and then replicate what
do we do this mitosis yeah mitosis yeah
ah yeah prophase as in preparatory from
the Greek word purple before Rick
chromogen to chromosome goodbye nucleoli
feel neck cycle home at it and join
together mitotic spindle begins to
develop it's on to the next step suckers
only shot and so don't leave us hanging
in metaphase then start to a line before
the pitch n chromatids combines in split
in anaphase QQ scroll show to end the
cell elongates mitosis yeah my turkeys
my purses yeah telophase as in tell your
friends cycles finish since you to start
again for the elongation extrapolation
development referential maturation split
in cytokinesis don't tell me about it
just check the cleavage furrow and away
we go the sackers just finished hit the
road don't stop p the cycle just began
process starts over as fast as it can
mitosis
yeah my person ah